if you were about to make a change in
your life and you feel uncomfortable
that's the best feeling you can have
because for the first time in your life
you're making a decision that's gonna be
best for you and now what somebody told
you to do and that's when all bets are
off man because you bought the innocent
some unchartered waters that's gonna
force you to challenge yourself to be
perfect and shoot for perfection it's
all good you don't shoot for average you
shoot for perfection and you get good a
great
you don't ever shoot for average I just
try to get people to understand don't be
average everybody welcome to impact
Theory our goal with this show and
company is to introduce you to the
people and ideas that will help you
actually execute on your dreams today's
guest is a two-time Emmy award-winning
executive producer and the brand
architect behind the Steve Harvey media
empire a long way from where he started
as the middle child of nine kids growing
up in the infamous fifth Ward District
in Houston Texas his father only had a
third grade education and his mother
stopped after high school but his drive
for more pushed him forward and he got a
degree in mathematics and ended up as an
executive at IBM certain he was meant
for something different however after
five years he left his cushy job for the
no-holds-barred world of stand-up comedy
he set big goals and really went after
it and as a comic he won the titles of
Showtime's funniest person in Texas for
three consecutive years and made it all
the way to the finals of funniest person
in America where he lost only to the
future legend Ellen DeGeneres realizing
that he was even more powerful behind
the scenes as a creator and producer he
left at the chance to manage the then
up-and-coming Steve Harvey helping him
go from opening act to the globally
recognized brand that he is today their
tenure as partners resulted in an
unparalleled run of monster hits
including the number one syndicated
Steve Harvey Morning Show number-one
syndicated Steve Harvey talk show and
the number one syndicated Family Feud
game show as well as three consecutive
number one New York Times bestselling
books and a pair of number-one
blockbuster movies since then he's
launched 3815 a new
marketing company that has landed
several of the world's most prestigious
clients including the Air National Guard
so please help me in welcoming the
award-winning Baker and three-time NWA
CP Image Award winner with Sean McDonald
oh my god thank you thank you thank you
thank you I love you ended on the baking
pause you have to the absolute win I
have to say was quite the curveball one
thing that you've taken advantage of in
your career that's really been
spectacular is the opportunity to
reinvent yourself
which I find so interesting and you said
in reinvention you realize why people
are so afraid to act there's so many
unknowns walk us through you've done it
so many times in your career like what
is the process of reinvention look like
opportunity is a fear I feel that most
people standard jobs are working thing
or even marriage or relationships
because they fear change can I do better
can I get a better opportunity with
somebody Harvard was on a date with
somebody bury me with somebody want my
kids I have that's a fear and people
don't want to make change so I don't
just take it from just an
entrepreneurial standpoint I take that
conversation to the social behavior of
people what they don't want to make
adjustments because they've already told
themselves they can't do it and when you
make adjustments when you when you stop
yourself first really say because let
somebody else tell you what you cannot
do but in the process of that prepare
for success in other words are you
willing to put time in your next move
and a lot of people I people say things
like I'm not a morning person
I don't really know what that means I
really don't I have 24 hours in the day
I tried to take advantage of every hour
and I have certain rules that I
initially tell people on a regular basis
if you want to start being living a
successful life start locking into a
consistent time that you should get up
every day don't let it deviate don't if
you say get up at 8:00 o'clock
don't don't don't hit the other snooze
and get up at 8:30 I get up at 4:30 this
is my time I'm not a happy guy getting
up but that's a goal I said and I'm
going to just tell you this honestly if
you're about to make a change in your
life and you feel uncomfortable
that's the best feeling you can have
because for the first time in your life
you're making a decision that's gonna be
best for you and not what somebody told
you to do and that's when all bets are
off man because you bought the inner
some some uncharted waters that's gonna
force you to challenge yourself to be
perfect and so many ways Ben and shoots
for perfection is all good
you don't shoot for average because
you're not gonna hit it you're not gonna
hit all the time you shoot for
perfection and you hit good or great
are you winning don't ever shoot for
average I just and I just try to get
people to understand don't be average
walk us through the time when you were
at IBM it was so secure I'm sure your
family must've been over the moon that
you got your degree you're now in a huge
company there's a certain amount of
safety and you not only believe you
leave to be a stand-up comic which is
like the world's least thing ever always
tell people that you have to make
adjustments to achieve your goals and if
you're not really happy about what you
add but guess what this change is needed
especially Millennials some of the
things you're gonna do in life is not
tied to a check don't guide your life by
how much you're gonna be paid but how
about you get out of it the opportunity
that's really key how about you getting
paid but how much you're gonna get out
of the opportunity and the classic
example is what I did at IBM I sceptre
he said look we've never kept anybody
past and there was the fall we never
kept anybody past the semester I said I
said never he said sorry Rashad you come
here come December we gotta let you go
because I don't care how good you are so
as soon as I came on board I started to
create a relationship with everybody at
IBM I went to my father go hey what what
would you like to do he said I ain't
doing this so I'm sorry I have about 20
people that I was doing all their work
all their I mean just if if they didn't
want it bring it to Rashad I was doing
it I would didn't pay extra for this I
still to do my other functions that I
was hired to do as a part-timer and
going to college so come by November I
started dropping hints that you know I
won't be able to keep this up they were
really why I said well you know IBM has
this rule that you can only stay here
for a semester well I was
two and a half years and because I made
a conscious effort to bring value to me
so you're at IBM you're you finally
figured it out you're working your way
up it's actually working and then you
decide you're gonna be a stand-up comic
you said you spent a year baiting that
decision so you leave IBM super cushy
parents had to be over the moon proud
that you're at IBM you're afraid of
disappointing them but you do it you
find your own voice you go and now
you're at some point you get to New York
and you're living in a hovel yes so how
did you deal with moving backwards like
what we telling yourself at that time
opportunism you know when I look at my
life here's a guy was gone from a
regular paycheck retirement security
because at that time IBM had never laid
off anybody in the history of that
company - traveling from gig to gig for
$75 for Bill and that was my world but
that was my dream understand this is
that if you're willing to pursue your
dream then your goal was change and your
level of sacrifice changed was that
afraid yes there was a certain that was
there was I was that certain there was
certainty in what I was doing no but
also in the back of my mind I'm gonna
tell you I cheated a little bit I said I
could always go back to happy I cheated
myself and then the finally after a year
when it stopped cheating yourself why
was it cheating yourself because when
you want to do something in your life
you don't put options out there you
don't put a be plan you know you you do
this is what you want to do you commit
to it well how am I gonna do stand up
and say I want to stand up but I'm still
thinking about going back to IBM those
are two different lanes of activity and
right frankly I was not satisfied in
their previous lane so why is that an
option now and so so that's why I was
cheating myself until I went dude this
is what you want to do do it and started
performing on cruise ships what what
changed in that moment that's so
powerful did you start working more like
what happens in your actual tangible
life when you make that decision okay
when I moved to New York it's to test to
moves in New York I gotta tell you about
first time I went to New York can I move
to New York in 88 I was hot that's a
comedy was I was being rashon and
everybody thought I was a stock the guy
I remember the guy at the improv walk w
see you the next one and he said that I
said well I'm sorry I work for IBM you
see you need to quit you you got it and
so that was resolved there okay that was
rochonc no whole bars every Sean
McDonald doing his own thing cut to 88 I
go to New York I walk onstage trying to
be something I thought they wanted me to
be I thought they wanted me to be the
next Eddie Murphy I thought they wanted
me to be the clean like Bill Cosby so I
walked on stage and was rejected every
time I was on stage because I was not so
I was tell people if you're gonna go
down go down being you know question and
I want to go back to that moment so 88
we you have the realization that I'm not
being myself which I think a lot of
people can relate to but then how do you
know like how do you find what your real
voice is and how do you get back to it
okay here's the deal about your real
voice first of all it's usually tied to
you you taking risk you know and I think
III don't want to jump around because
upstairs we were talking I was telling
you in 2016 I had to find my voice again
right and and that's at the highest
level of my life you know what people
could just google me and say I'm a
success and so know that and when you
say reinvent in 2016 you're saying leave
Steve Harvey and start your own thing
absolutely and that was a very powerful
decision that I had to make in my life
to say who else who is rashon McDonald
because as you become successful people
will have definitions of who you are and
also proclaim your love of success for
what you should be accomplishing so back
then I was just a guy who just trying to
make a cheque man I was just trying to
be funny
know that not those are simple standards
if you keep it simple you can find your
voice and also know that you operate off
short term goals well you don't know
where you're going in life
do not look for years down the line
do not look two years all year you look
next week next month you keep your going
short and then words you accomplish
those goals then you can start piling up
little trophies or little moments to
know that you actually accomplishing
something you actually climbing the
steps to success where people make the
mistake in their goals they put too many
they put it they put a say not so
insurmountable goal but a goal that
doesn't allow them to qualify success
quick enough and so I always tell people
shortening your goals short your window
and that's how you find your voice you
cannot find your voice if you're trying
to if you stop coming all the way to be
a star
okay well you might want to work at Home
Depot first and then grab that check get
stable and start creating relationships
start taking acting class see those are
goals that you can achieve but if you
come in there just to be a star and
entertainment or you are you going to
college and you trying to graduate in
four years and you know what you're
gonna do it confuses people that's why a
lot of the today's Millennials they say
see short-term success as a faster way
of finding divorce versus a college
degree especially with so much debt is
promised to you when you get your
college degree yeah one of the things
that I found really powerful about the
story is when you got really sick and
your lung collapsed walk me through that
like what did you take away from that
because it seemed it like really clarify
your direction your intensity and all of
that so what I was going through the
whole process of trying to build you
Sean McDonald and try to try to be a
star in 1990 my right lung collapsed
while I was watching the LA Lakers
basketball game and the thing about
youth is that we all feel we are
immortal you know you feel you can heal
yourself so I thought I was having a
heartburn but my right lung had
collapsed and so I went to a drugstore
and I got me some tums so so so I'm in
lye and I and I swear to you I that
whole packet on therefore I pay for okay
so I come back to my apartment and I and
for the first time I just spit on the
ground that's all
I said oh okay this this is a little bit
beyond heartburn here so I walked
upstairs and when I walked upstairs I
lived on the second level I could I
could I couldn't catch my breath
and so friend of mine he came back it
was wrong with Sean I said now I know
what's going on here but he said you
need to take you someplace again
immortal arrogance I said no I'm cool
and so I went to my apartment and so I
looked in the yellow pages to try to
find a hospital just some place to go
I'm gonna drive myself to the hospital
and I saw this one place says his clinic
was open and so I went to this this
clinic and I walked to the second floor
and it was closed so by then I'm really
freaking out because I'm not even
catching my breath anymore and I'm
actually afraid that I may pass out and
so when I came down the steps from the
clinic I was I was just standing on the
sidewalk and I went but I couldn't other
words and this guy was jogging by
he had a headset on so I'm assuming he
thought I was actually saying words huh
huh he's right there I see the sign now
you're right around the corner go up
there and make a left you there and so I
drove to see the side nine and I just
parked any kind of way in the emergency
and I slowly walked because I couldn't I
couldn't I each step was a control step
to get to the emergency so I get to the
window of course they asked him for
insurance and I gave my insurance call
and in the end the person pushed me down
which is the biggest mistake because it
doesn't they pushed me down in the chair
and so all my weight was on my lung and
so eventually they put me in an
emergency ward and of course they pushed
me on my back and the guy went and the
doctor opened the they did an x-ray got
open this guy's gonna die I always know
the word Geico if we don't operate on
this guy right now he's gonna die and so
they tried to dead me because they made
the incision right here he's tried to
detonate but it was because they had to
do the surgery so fast I actually did
the surgery and I felt everything in
this
and so and they got my aunt my lung my
lung reinf lated and I stayed in
hospital 30 days and I was tell people
it was a turning point for me in my life
because and it let me truly understand
how short life is and also truly enabled
me to understand the value of taking
advantage of what life is giving you to
do and that's why I always push people I
always push people I push myself right
now because I know I've seen it I've
seen death I've seen people children
I've seen the adults I've seen senior
citizens I've seen people who were happy
one day and weren't there the next day
and that was a very powerful point for
me that when they did surgery I have a
scar on my back because they took my
lung out and they had to fix there was a
cyst on it wasn't pneumothorax
thorax it wasn't it was a cyst and he
put it back in so I was in ICU for like
a day the very next day I was manager
but 36s scar on my back this Comedy
Competition called me while I was in the
hospital it's a hybrid Sean
we heard you a very funny comedian would
you like to participate in this comedy
competition yeah you have to have eight
minutes and so the only way I can stay
on stage was I had to take my left arm
and hold my stitches together like this
so I can be able to talk for five
consecutive minutes Wow
I went on stage killed killed it killed
it almost died because I walked on stage
because you in the club you smoked the
worst place you wouldn't take somebody
with just that lung surgery it's a
nightclub it's a comedy club where
everybody's smoking so I came off the
stage and I was coughing I thought I
broke off my long right are these
stitches and the guy came out it made
you want and so I wore like three rounds
next day I was on national TV and basic
I was back in man I was I was rocking
the roll the man I was on my way to
start and what's your takeaway from that
in terms of like doing whatever it takes
or absolutely absolutely you do whatever
it takes okay even if it risk your life
that's your dream I made a decision
look this is what I want to do sometimes
give me an opportunity I'm gonna take
advantage of it and that's what I was
doing that's crazy how do you help
people that reach out to you a lot of
people reach out to you for mentorship
how do you help them find the thing that
they want that badly I have a little
quick theory I tell people Tommen is
this a 40-hour workweek is the best
platform to design your career if you
are entrepreneur if you say you want to
do something put it on a 8 to 5 schedule
take a lunch break and if you really
commit it to your life I swear to you
and that first day of work probably
about an hour you're gonna be done with
your career because you haven't put
enough time in it now
you look at Rashad McDonald I know how
to do PDFs I know I do powerpoints I
know I do Excel I know I do accountant I
know I do the press release I know how
to edit I know all these things I had to
learn in my 40-hour week it wouldn't
just be going onstage and telling jokes
it wouldn't just be writing scripts is
writing sketches or going tonight that's
part of my 40-hour week and what people
don't do is they don't mean put 40-hour
40 hours of work into their own career
but then they get mad when somebody
asked them to before the hours of work
so they can get paid that's why I go
back to that thing did a job a standard
job gives you the tools for you to be
successful as an entrepreneur it tells
you you have to work a certain time
period when you're working at certain
time you have to be convinced to certain
tasks each day and you have to complete
those tasks you care that same principle
to you yourself as an entrepreneur very
simple and when I tell people a journal
light bulb pops off then when they try
to apply it see exactly what I'm saying
that's about an hour they don't know
what they're doing with their career
because they've never in their lives sat
down with a plan and from that day
moving forward they will start
understanding the value of how much work
it takes to be successful in the chosen
feel that they've chosen to be
successful in and what do you say to
people that say ok that's alright for
somebody in their 20s or 30s but you
know I'm in my 50s or 60s it's too late
for me stop please I can't
I hate people who say I'm done 50 I'm
done I'm 60 I'm done I'm sick technology
come on now don't pull it
please don't put a limit on what you can
do when you haven't even tried to do
what you're capable of doing see
somebody along the way told you you
supposed to retire and it's 65 you
supposed to get a check and we like
idiots decided that we should cash in
our lives at those particular years
that's we made their decision and guess
what when you think like that guess what
you dressed like you oh you walk like
you oh you talk like you retired because
somebody told you at this age you
supposed to throw in the towel No and
with technology and social media you
could be what you want to be because I
tell everybody that social media is your
private press conference what you put
out there that day everybody gonna see
it if they like it they'll let you know
if they don't they'll let you know now
you said that you need people in your
life that are gonna tell you when your
good is really only average one why is
that powerful and then to how do you
find those people I would change them
you know when I and working with Steve
really officially took over his career
in 2000 he had just finished doing the
original Kings of Comedy and I did his
first really big radio deal with Radio 1
and his market in 92.3 the beat in our
Los Angeles and that's what I discovered
that you got to help a team and so I've
built a team around him and when I
stopped managing him I was trying to
figure out who was Sean was by myself
and that's terrible because you got to
have people around you to tell you you
great gotta remind you you're special
gotta remind you who you are and what
you've accomplished because there's a
general take is that as you as you build
your life you got an arrow or your
accomplishment in fact you kind of throw
away your successes and so that's why
it's important to have people in your
life
that are there to pump you up to tell
you know you've never done it that way
like that before you you're committed to
a certain plan of opportunity Rashaad
you that's that you should do it that
way you got to have a team to remind you
of what you can do and what you've done
that's important if you don't have a
team you turn a rocket by yourself you
just going to be frustrated and I kid
you not you will fail you got to have
relationships not only personal
relationships but business relationships
what's the trait you have you've
cultivated that's allowed you to be so
successful
I'm from the inner city man you know and
I'm not I worked with our noise me is
that I'm that person that everybody says
is unique and special and that's sad
because I'm I'm only unique and special
because you know me I tell people on a
regular basis that my success is tied to
you
everybody in this room my success is
tied to because when he walked when I
leave this room I have a touched them in
a cool way I've made them think about
something in their lives that's the
talent God gave me and my wife gets
annoyed at me because I walk in a room
and I got and I can just do not die I
could tell people exactly who they are
within minutes and I can tell them what
they should be doing with their lives
that's up to you to make that decision
and so so is that a gift or is there
just a willingness to be honest with
people about what they should be doing
in their life I say it's just a wooden
this to be honest if you are if you're
doing this and you're not happy to stop
but when you planning an exit plan plan
it and also keep that financial income
coming at a barrier as much as you like
as long as you can but you have to
realize that one day when you wake up
Tom that it has to be about you it
really has it's not about who you
married to it's not about who you dating
it's not about your kids it's about you
and if you realize that you will be
successful because if all your success
is about being positive
and you're not driven by selfish modes
or selfish gains that everybody will win
that's incredible man let me talk about
the inner cities so I've worked in the
inner city a lot and ironically I worked
with a kid whose name was Roshan also
and a big brother form for eight and a
half years and it was transformative in
my life and then I end up later having a
lot of employees Center in the inner
cities I've got a thousand of them and
I'm also obsessed with jay-z and so I'm
looking at all this and I'll bring it
together for you I'm looking at all this
and I see okay jay-z goes on to be
extraordinary most of these people will
not and I realize that the the inner
cities break most of the people that it
touches but every so often it does
something so magical to that person
through hardship mm-hmm that they end up
going on to be this just indomitable
force it's clearly what's happened to
you it's what's happened to a lot of
people that have come out but why what
because when I asked that question you
said I'm from the inner cities as if
that answered the question
and if somebody really understands it it
may but what do you mean by that because
you have to lead to who it to be
successful you cannot stay in the hood
to win but what did you learn in the
inner cities I didn't really learn
anything I just knew I had to get out
I'd do it when I said in front of a
television man I just saw things that I
didn't see what I walked out my front
door I lived in a it was it was two
parents and nine kids living in a
one-bedroom shotgun house if you don't
know what a shotgun house is you open
the front door and you can shoot a gun
out the back door and it doesn't hit
anybody
so I know exactly where I grew up and I
knew I knew exactly the environment that
I saw TV was not around here right I
grew I wrote a city bus I didn't see a
black person till I got downtown TV is
amazing to me man because you know
information is amazing I think that if
you give people an inner city
information they will get out a lot
faster but what happens is if every one
of my friends that I hung out with if we
all stayed in an inner city I would not
be sitting here I went and worked for a
Jewish deli learn how to make sauerkraut
Ruben's you know all these things were
rashon McDonald out of the inner city
you know learning how to relate to
people that weren't people in the hood
learning that there's a bigger scope of
conversation that I had to gain and so
but what I did leave
I didn't lose was Hoover Sean McDonald
is so you can you can you can leave and
still be research I'm a bearish on that
you know I'm still gonna be that guy the
dream is to really if I had to tell
anybody something who's watching this
show is that if you see it on TV
create a realization that you can
actually be a part of that if you do
that it would change the way you look at
things when I was in high school we
should drive around and in the better
neighborhoods you know and look at these
big old lawns and look at these big
houses and I would just realize and
they've got friends and what you do I
said because I'm going to I want to know
how my houses got to look so you at
anybody watching this show drive around
start setting your goals because see if
you start setting your goals then you
have dreams if you have dreams then
guess what that brings on expectations
those expectations can only be reached
by proper planning if you plan you will
win I don't care yeah you go out
setbacks but you got a plan that's what
you everybody doesn't supposed to do a
certain thing but they don't want to do
it because what they don't help plan set
that plan in place I'm a Taser when you
start doing it it's gonna be rough it
come people they're gonna people
understand me you're gonna tell you what
are you doing you're incapable of
achieving that moment in your life I've
been told that a lot of times I'm cool
with that too
I was told I was a fool for leaving I
being been totally I was a fool for
moving New York I was a fool for moving
there like I was a fool for majesty
varville I gave up a successful stand-up
comedy career I've been told I was a
fool for top management Steve Harvey so
people will tell you your food I embrace
that because that's what life is about
challenging you to do something that
people tell you're not supposed to do to
that end one thing I want to know you're
talking a lot about the plan I think
that's so smart I know there's no way to
give somebody a plan because it would be
so specific to what they're doing but
what is that process how does somebody
sit down is it like just writing out
saying this is my goal for a week this
is my goal for a month this is six
months I know you don't want people
going out five six years what is the
process how do you create a plan we
first of all you have to say what you
want to do okay whether it's going to
school or whether starting a business or
getting in business or somebody and it's
a process if you if you tried to call if
you're if you're starting a business go
to a local SBA office okay then there
are people down there that tell you what
a business plan is all about now if you
if you want to be a writer always tell
people that you don't know there are
people in this city or cities around
this country who want to act well do
table reads with them and videotape them
because that's what they won't they
won't monologue reels they want reels
and so they're always lanes and so you
have to pick what you want to do and I
and not and I would tell you this Tom
and I say this artist what everybody is
dad if you want to be successful you
have to write down why you want to be
successful why why you want to be
successful why because a lot of people
might say I want to do it for money I
want to do it for passion I want to do
it for cause that will determine the
steps that you have to put in place to
be successful because if you don't it
for a passion or charit I mean you need
to bring people on board to help you
with that if you do it as I chose to be
a stand-up comic I had to hit the road
know it my plane I couldn't stand Euston
and be famous I had to go out there and
develop a brand and let people know
because I was an opening act and I
wanted to be a headliner I'm gonna be a
headliner I had to let people know I
wasn't just find in Houston Texas I was
funny in New York I was funny Chicago
the funny in Kansas say that funny in
st. Louis so you have to build your
brain so you have to just put steps in
place to be successful now because of
social media your people who become
instant stars the viral videos or
become influencers so the steps have
changed a little bit but they still tied
to commitment all those people who are
who are socially successful or committed
and they put work into it they do it's
not people actually I think you just put
out a viral video and it's gonna make
you famous
it might make you famous doesn't mean
they gonna make you successful yeah no
question all right before I ask my last
question tell these guys where they can
find you online oh you can find me uh my
name is Rashad McDonald of course and is
I'm not one of those the rivers Sean
McDonald I have a Sean McDonald the
official Rashad McDonald is this
Rachelle McDonald with Sean McDonald
calm I'm actually launching that's my
primary website I'm launching two
additional websites next smart one
called bakers spotlight because my bacon
has gotten so big it was just a landing
page on microsite over Sean McDonald
calm so that's going to be an official
website next month and then also
launching the official website money
making conversations down because that
is expanded and it's so big so now when
you come to Rochon mcdonald you know cuz
I would have baking pictures on there
and I have suits pictures I'm motivated
it was like really crazy who is this guy
and so when you come to Rashad McDonald
you're just basically a Renaissance man
site and from now you'll be able to
click and share a real full baking
experience of reading for informational
and motivational experience so we're
Sean McDonald I'm a fan certified I have
almost 800 or 800 thousand Facebook
followers I have a closer Instagram
account under Sean McDonald in a Twitter
account on with Sean McDonald and under
money making conversations I also have a
Facebook Instagram and Twitter followers
under money making conversation so I'm
easy to follow I'm a fan of helping
people become successful and that's what
this show is all about that's why I love
it and that's why I'm sitting here
because you understand the value of
information and we live in a world of
information and sharing it for free is
important I totally agree
so what's the impact that you want to
have on the world I'm having it now
because I'm living my legacy and my
legacy is really a way
to me but it's really funny doing my
money making conversation show because I
get to talk to people and I didn't
realize how impactful I had were when I
hear a lot I asked and they call on my
Shore and they can and call on my show
it's just amazing when they tell me how
I mentored them just naturally and it's
really when I talk about the the impact
that Steve Harvey got made of a daytime
television how we took it made the
african-american experience I think
acceptable especially in the male genre
and especially a date Anika we wasn't
supposed to make it you know Katie
Couric was launched a year Jeff prose
from the survivor they were supposed to
be the ones that were supposed to be
winners that year Ricki Lake was that
save year that we launched the talk show
taking a Family Feud show when we
launched in 2010 the ranges were 1.7 I
was the hottest game show and to be
instrumental in that marketing process
and just carrying my natural instinct so
my next goal in life right now and my
legacy is to be how many people I can
make successful and I'm not I'm not
trying to get a check on that oh I would
tell people somehow in my life I'm gonna
get paid and it's but I'm not gonna use
an approach of I'm doing something for
you and your something back to me that
can't work for me so that's my legacy
thank you so much for coming on the show
amazing
guys his career is incredible when you
look at the number of people that he's
been able to influence and the thing
that I find just absolutely intoxicating
about him is the reinvention the way
that he is over and over reinvented
himself from seeing himself as coming
from this you know impoverished area
with family that hadn't been as educated
as he wanted to be even going on and
getting a degree in mathematics and
starting there and then becoming an
executive at IBM only to reinvent
himself again as a stand-up comic and
then as a manager and then to have so
much success as an executive producer
and manager and then to leave that and
start his own company it is an
incredible tale of reinvention of never
letting yourself get trapped in some
caricature version of who you are who
other people think you are or who they
want you to be or what they think
success is but instead to be true to
your own voice to nourish those talents
to pour yourself into that to have the
plan to know what you want to go after
it and he's done it time and time and
time again and had success at every
level it's just it's absolutely
incredible and I know that so many
people struggle with that sense of oh
it's too late it that moment has passed
me by and to see him do this at 60 is
just beyond inspiring so I hope that you
guys will take as much away from this as
I have and we hardly touched on the man
is like a world-class Baker literally
even I still don't understand you've got
to check it out it's incredible so if
you love something get after it all
right guys if you haven't already be
sure to subscribe and until next time my
friends be legendary take care John
thank you so much everybody thank you so
much for watching and being a part of
this community if you haven't already be
sure to subscribe you're gonna get
weekly videos on building a growth
mindset cultivating grit and unlocking
your full potential